#english
The Castle is a bubble world, roughly 100 miles in diameter, named after the only monument built to host humanity. While humans didn't build it themselves, they designed it through magic and pure imagination, explaining why some of it's depth feels like shape-shifting mazes and sometimes cannot be mapped in the three dimensional space.
In the deepest of the labyrinth sleeps the Demon, the real builder of the Castle. It was summoned by a sorority of witches who wanted to rule over the world. They kind of got what they wanted but had to crown the demon the king and they could only be known as princesses (and princes for their male heir) and serves him for generations until the end of time.
The original witches thought demons were evil beings, but their were more of a cat-person, at least this one, believing in freedom and anarchism more than the monarchism it bestowed upon this world. It slept for centuries, only waking up to have "some fun" and being grumpy if the world forgot who It was (which occurs frequently).
Only witches knows the arcane of the old magic, the one where you're supposed to call energies from parallel worlds, but the demon released its own magic to the commoners. It being a creature that wasn't supposed to be held in such a small world, its power defied any logic. With It in the Castle, anyone can performs some magic and babies with natural aptitude for magic are to be feared and sent far from the Castle where they would be able to develop their skill under proper guidance.
The Castle doesn't cover every land of this world, just the center of it. A river flows from the mountain in the orange horizon, through the capital where lies the Castle, and into the sea under the blue horizon. Deserts toward the yellow sky, forest in direction of the green one and swamps pointed by the purple one. The Castle sitting under the whitest sky, the lands neighboring it are gifted with rich soil well-suited for agriculture.
All those colors are the results of periodical waves of light falling upon the crystal ceiling of this world giving days. And at night, some of it still drips from up-there offering a starry sky to everyone.
This world was supposed to be peaceful but powerful being, like the demon itself, knows how to wander between worlds. Some known wells, and other unknown, allows anyone to travel between worlds. Not to talk about witches themselves who knows how to summon creatures from other worlds out of thin air. Monsters have lived here for as long as time knows, but most of them benefit from the Demon influence. Soldiers and Hunters are here well trained to face those problems by themselves. It's in fact quite rare for the Demon to stand-up for its world. And when It does, It childishly laughs at them for being so weak while it perfectly knows how strong they are and how ridiculously powerful It, itself, is.